I've done
and I thought I had a word
About what I thought
hello youtube friends this good this
tutorial
dedicated especially people referred
Guitar
true tear with a music like the
as the one who speaks to them does not
this command tells the dance in my game
to sing this part a lot of verses
from the song to the heart of paw
yellow
a Peruvian group
it's easy to simple rhythm to play
with friends
to start accompanying with the song
in the following way we do not go down
all the fingers help the blow
with the yolk to export
and down
down below they can do it
you can also do it with blow and that
depends on the criteria and taste with the
which you are mostly want to enter
in action but before in the song in the
that can even part faster
and I say it depends on the taste of
you now to continue I'm going to
start playing the chords of the stanza
of the pre corones and choir
in the stanza of the song is going to
repeat the stanza
higher
of the greatest
Sun
and again if minor
point so they can hit relationship
let's start like to stay
tell the rhythm of the song and we will
sing it good I'm a little bad with the
voice but like to accompany the guitar
and not feel notes we have to change
I'm going to drop some
you say it
existing
state
and what I thought let's think that another
time
I thought
after this moment of coming that
always with whose notes are simple
again we make a minor beat
we change well
and then we continue with the greatest
and again if this is going to repeat two
times
in this way
the biggest
each other
my heart
for the color of the song
watching me the chords and I hope that
you follow as not all things
They are very simple
and we started
Sun
we continue like kings
then we have the largest
yes
and again we start with the biggest
the
sotomayor
end up with
then we would have it this way
to the heart
at a basic level guitar and that is
pretty beautiful now what is the
introduction I would like to explain it but
it's a bit defined so I would ask
make another video
this Friday I ask for chau